very good my dear Lovers of the
heart that it's been a while since I said hello like that
eh Lately I'm always with the one
who passes by my lordship I really like the one who passes by
my lordship because Well that they
knew me for 78 years Well you know
that my greeting my mythical greeting has always
been my youth no What's up my
youth well What's
up my lordship What's up my lovers of the heart no Lovers and lovers No it was also a time well first of all I apologize if this video is not going to be heard 100% perfect I have to find a way Well I have to find another support for the mobile because in this support that I
put it there in the hands-free and
those things it sounds strange you hear
like vibrations sometimes I don't know if it
will be the case But well if so
forgive me I'm guessing coming back from
the pata again I have managed Well I
wrote to him last night and I said Hey man If you
have a little time please I
would appreciate it before I leave before I
go on vacation Not if I can be has
made me do you remember  that last night
you told me there was acupuncture Well he
did something similar to me it has another name
but it's also like a prick I think it
relaxed me I think it
relaxed me a little but oh well
family incredible yesterday's live from
Antonio Abi ok well for my taste a
little long he couldn't have summarized a
little bit more there at the top not the points
but incredible the information incredible
the details we
were commenting on it yesterday there was some
reaction but I want to highlight something and I
want you to tell me in the
comments box your opinion and
how you want this to sit with
Marta arisko and that if it could be that
we are facing a possible I think it is
very possible next outbreak that you call it
but I am not going to call it an outbreak
because Marta gets angry if I say outbreak
explosion in front of an upcoming explosion from
Martha risk yesterday at the end of his
live Antonio David Flores commented
that in the last three years
of his life he has made the worst
mistakes he has ever made okay I have
really tried off
camera to do like well turn
this over in my head Look for interpretations And the thing is that I can't
find any more interpretations I don't
know if he knows wrong and there will be  bought
gluten-free food and is
lactose intolerant to be honest because I have no
idea what other rock could have
made in his life that is the worst
because if we are talking about the
last three years the last three years
the change in Antonio's life in the
last three years well stands out for going
on to have a
perfectly structured family
his piece of little foot in the organization
of Malaga
his daughter with her studies a happy life
a Charming child and his marriage with an
organ that he is a great woman that I have said eh I
have said on many occasions that
surely Olga has also done her
little things wrong that she will not be right about
everything on some occasions that here you have to
take a little bit of each one to start
reaching conclusions no And what would
surely be the truth but that he is
a great woman both physically and
as a person a Charming the truth is he is
a Charming okay this is something that if they
go that way the shots no And what he
regrets about the change that he has made in his
life
I would say that it is something that is
completely broken and not because I have
spoken with Olga because I really have
not spoken with Olga about no  I have talked about
this topic okay The only thing So I have been
able to talk about content with Olga
has been able to go to the I don't know I think
focused maybe on topics of things that are
said about her on TV or
somewhere in some magazine that have said
something about her that is a lie on some
YouTube channel or something like that No
but on the subject of her personal life well it
is that in any case I would have spoken
with her about that no no I will not tell
you no but it is true that they were
a couple with a lot of chemistry they were a
couple that made a very good couple they
are both handsome young
same roll not the same way of thinking
and yes it could be true that that that
is the thorn that Antonio
Navino has And to what he may have referred to at the
end of his live in a quite
poetic way why not say it to the worst
mistake or the worst mistakes of his life not
without belittling Marta risk eh that you already
know risk I have his appreciation I
respect her okay there are
things that she does well there are things that she
does badly No they tell me many
things that apparently she would have
done very wrong but I until everything
is there and take out  each one has their version and
everything else, I have the door open to whoever
wants to,
whoever wants to open up, okay. You know
that everyone always has the door open
to Teresa the CEO in case they want to
come and express themselves and when everyone
tells their version. Well, I don't want to take a
position either
because it's like if I tell you that I have to take a
position between Antonio David Olga,
I support both of them in what I have to
support them in and in those that I don't, well okay, like,
for example, in these last ones, where he
went from family abandonment, my
100% support for Antonio and his children.
Okay, my 100% support. I think that it's not
even necessary for me to say this and that it is
known that he knows it. In fact, by the way,
yesterday Antonio David asked for something that it
is true that I heard him say it. I
heard Diego say it once when he said it on
live television, I heard that Antonio
David had sent him and had made
that request to the magazine, but it didn't quite add
up, okay, he had
asked the magazine, like, don't go around in
circles, no, he had asked the
magazine, the magazine, like through
burofag or something that they didn't release more
images of the son that the son didn't want to
come out and so on no, it didn't fit in the
sense that the son has already come out
everywhere the image recently came out
a survivor not in the
survivor final but you see there Antonio
David took his live broadcast and said
referring to all the
digital media and when he refers to the
digital media I say it again I
include myself okay I when he refers to the
digital media I include myself and I say it
because the other day there were people who said it's
not that the news hasn't come out in any
media it's that the news hasn't come out in any media
like no media has come out
the torcuato news if it has come out on tele
salseo and it has come out on the other TV you
understand I mean what's going on with the whole thing,
respect that the best journalists there are work here
listen to me
Antonio David asked that the
image of the child not be used okay And yes it's true
that we
Of course we use it because for example
photos are taken from the magazine photos are taken
from Google they are put in the thumbnail they are
put in the video when we are
commenting and then from here well it's
not only  that it will be but
also I consider that all my
colleagues that I am not going to get involved in
what each one does, let them do what they
want but I consider that
this request I think must be
respected I mean if a father is
asking you this I assume that it is
because the kid does not want to appear no longer
because he asks me but because I
assume that the kid does not want to
appear it does not cost anything to pixelate his face
okay I understand that maybe if
we are in a live and suddenly
we react to an Instagram story
and the kid appears and Exits well look well
Exits okay It does not matter also the
daughter of Gloria Mohedano and Salvador
Mohedano appears okay but what to avoid or that
can be pixelated For example if a
thumbnail is put then be it that is respected and
for me it is [ __ ] great for me in that
sense I am that as a father, Antonio
David, you can tell me what you want
but there are the children with that man
and I there as a father I have nothing,
nothing, take it so okay however the thing is that what I
see is that the other part is not a
mother and  I'm not going to say bad mother because I
really know that these are words that
often feel bad but it's not a
mother directly, it's a person who
has separated from her children and who and who does
n't feel Madrid, who doesn't exercise,
okay And what she does is like Looking for
excuses to leave, to try to leave her
children in a bad way so as not to be a mother, no. Well
today there will be a second part
of Antonio Abi's live stream, okay
here on teles salseo you also have today
a review of the news that is broadcast
more or less, well I think it will be broadcast
after Antonio David's live stream
because we
will put it on at 10:30 or 11 as
always, no then, anything any
news that comes out we will
comment on it, remind everyone that here at
10:30 there is the weekly bombshell
to review
Every week so set your alarm and everyone here at 10:30 too Congratulations again to Maika who talks to her, okay I know that the exclusives are from Maika, okay In that sense they are 100% reliable, okay I know that the exclusives that are from Mike in  that sense
are 100% reliable okay it can have a
hue it can have a color Hey, these
shirts are green instead of red well
okay but they are reliable I
can guarantee it
and Burn burn I think I haven't forgotten
anything else okay tomorrow I will upload a video at 8
in the morning
reviewing this Olga Moreno thing
I want to know your opinion in the
comments box and tomorrow I will also upload
my reaction to Antonio David's opinion
okay I'll see you later family I ask you
all please to burst this
video to like and I ask you all please
to subscribe to this channel
okay by the way the lollipop is sitting very
well on this channel I see that
you liked it I had my doubts I didn't know
if I should upload the lollipop here but it is a country
a bit unifying channels and that
I do not have this mess of channels that I have
8000 channels we are not going to unify it
and we are going to try to keep at
least three we are going to try to
keep at least three family I
send you a huge kiss and we  See you in the
next video and see you today at
10:30